docs(storybook): docs cleanup (#6495)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: 2nd-gen/packages/swc/.storybook/resources/support-and-compatibility.mdx

npm install @adobe/spectrum-wc@beta
```

> Pre-releases can change more often than stable lines. Pin versions in production, read the [changelog](/docs/resources-changelog--docs), and report issues you hit so we can harden the stable release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-releases can change more often than stable lines. Pin versions in production, read the [changelog](/docs/resources-changelog--docs), and report any issues you discover so that we can harden the stable release.
```
